API documentation updates (#12839)
friendica/friendica: doc/API-Entities.md

<td>Resource ID (32 hex chars)</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><code>media-id</code></td>
<td>String (Integer) </td>

> <td>ID used for attaching to a Mastodon Post Status</td>

Reviewer: Attaching media? Files?

Author: I guess generally it would be other media attachments but right now it's only tested with photos/images

Reviewer: Got it, can you please mention this in the notes?

Author: I'll see what I can do on the rephrasing because I'm not following what is missing here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>ID used for attaching images to a Mastodon Post Status</td>
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><code>scales</code></td>
<td>Array of Photo Scales</td>
<td>

> List of Scale objects listing the id, scale, link, etc. of each scale

Reviewer: Is it for both attached and embedded pictures? And no need to start listing the attributes here as the Photo Scale entity is described later.

Author: I don't understand the question.

Reviewer: In Friendica pictures can either be attached to posts, they display the same way they do in Mastodon in a carousel at the bottom of the post, or be embedded (or inline) in the post body itself. I'm guessing this attribute is only about the attached pictures, not about the embedded ones.

Author: Neither. This is the result of uploading images to the server and it creating different scales if it is large enough. Which scale is attached or embedded is independent of this. For the Mastodon API it selects the first one, the largest resolution one, based on the media-id so the implementer has no control over it. I don't know what is auto-filled in by the UI when building image attachment BBcode.

Reviewer: Ah, sorry, I thought this was in the Status structure. Please just simplify the language:
```suggestion
List of the various resized versions of the Photo
```
